l10n_br_sale_stock/README.rst, before:

==========================================
Brazilian Localization Sales and Warehouse
==========================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:6caf227edb60b685df07f1b80681e366eae20f0674437e09fb2000c812a0ca84
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fl10n--brazil-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/l10n-brazil/tree/14.0/l10n_br_sale_stock
    :alt: OCA/l10n-brazil
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/l10n-brazil-14-0/l10n-brazil-14-0-l10n_br_sale_stock
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/l10n-brazil&target_branch=14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the standard Odoo sale stock module for Brazil, specially when selling products with NFe's.

It deals with the propagation of the fiscal operation, fiscal comment and incoterms to invoice created direct from sale
order or picking.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

This module depends on:

* sale_stock
* l10n_br_sale
* l10n_br_stock_account

Configuration
=============

No configuration required.

Changelog
=========

12.0.1.0.0 (2020-05-29)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* [MIG] Migration to version 12.0

10.0.1.0.0 (2019-09-13)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* [MIG] Migration to version 10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-brazil/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-brazil/issues/new?body=module:%20l10n_br_sale_stock%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Akretion

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Renato Lima <renato.lima@akretion.com.br>
* Raphaël Valyi <rvalyi@akretion.com>
* Magno Costa <magno.costa@akretion.com.br>
* Gabriel Cardoso de Faria <gabriel.cardoso@kmee.com.br>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Aketion LTDA

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-renatonlima| image:: https://github.com/renatonlima.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/renatonlima
    :alt: renatonlima
.. |maintainer-mbcosta| image:: https://github.com/mbcosta.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/mbcosta
    :alt: mbcosta

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-renatonlima| |maintainer-mbcosta| 

This module is part of the `OCA/l10n-brazil <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-brazil/tree/14.0/l10n_br_sale_stock>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[REF+IMP] l10n_br_sale_stock: Extract new module

l10n_br_sale_stock/README.rst, after:

==========================================
Brazilian Localization Sales and Warehouse
==========================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:6caf227edb60b685df07f1b80681e366eae20f0674437e09fb2000c812a0ca84
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fl10n--brazil-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/l10n-brazil/tree/14.0/l10n_br_sale_stock
    :alt: OCA/l10n-brazil
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/l10n-brazil-14-0/l10n-brazil-14-0-l10n_br_sale_stock
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/l10n-brazil&target_branch=14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the standard Odoo sale stock module for Brazil, specially when selling products with NFe's.

It deals with the propagation of the fiscal operation, fiscal comment and incoterms to invoice created direct from sale
order or picking.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

This module depends on:

* sale_stock
* l10n_br_sale
* l10n_br_stock_account

Configuration
=============

No configuration required.

Changelog
=========

14.0.2.0.0 (2024-04-26)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* [REF] Extraction to module sale_stock_picking_invoicing
  https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/pull/1025

14.0.1.0.0 (2022-09-16)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* [MIG] Migration to version 14.0

12.0.1.0.0 (2020-05-29)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* [MIG] Migration to version 12.0

10.0.1.0.0 (2019-09-13)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* [MIG] Migration to version 10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-brazil/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-brazil/issues/new?body=module:%20l10n_br_sale_stock%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Akretion

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Renato Lima <renato.lima@akretion.com.br>
* Raphaël Valyi <rvalyi@akretion.com>
* Magno Costa <magno.costa@akretion.com.br>
* Gabriel Cardoso de Faria <gabriel.cardoso@kmee.com.br>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Aketion LTDA

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-renatonlima| image:: https://github.com/renatonlima.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/renatonlima
    :alt: renatonlima
.. |maintainer-mbcosta| image:: https://github.com/mbcosta.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/mbcosta
    :alt: mbcosta

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-renatonlima| |maintainer-mbcosta| 

This module is part of the `OCA/l10n-brazil <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-brazil/tree/14.0/l10n_br_sale_stock>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
